docs(inputs): Add plugin metadata and update description for s* to z* (#17082)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/win_wmi/README.md

# Windows Management Instrumentation Input Plugin

> This plugin queries information or invokes methods using
> [Windows Management Instrumentation][wmi] classes. This allows to capture and
> filter virtually any configuration or metric value exposed through WMI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin queries information or invokes methods using
[Windows Management Instrumentation][wmi] classes. This allows capturing and
filtering virtually any configuration or metric value exposed through WMI.
```
